BlackJack game play will occur according to the recommended playing rules.  
Cards will be dealt 1 to the player, 1 to the dealer, 1 to the player, 1 to the dealer.  
For now we will just have one player against the dealer.  In the future it would be helpful to see what happens if we play more than one hand at a time.
The second dealer card will be used to determine what the player should do and we will use the basic strategy.

An array will be create to contain the players hands - each player hand will consist of multiple cards, the hand total, the amount bet and result 

Player will be dealt a hand 
Dealer will be dealt a hand with 1 up card and 1 down card 

Step 1 - check for dealer blackjack
   Y - check for player blackjack 
      Y - result = push
      N - result = loss 

Step 1.5 - check for player blackjack 
   Y - result = win 

Step 2- check for player split hand 
   Y - create a second hand 
      # this will create a recursive loop that will go back to step 1.5
      # more splits may occur as this happens - we should cap the total at 2 splits which would result in 3 hands 
      assign the second card to the second hand 
      deal another card to the first hand 
         - result = call step 1.5 with the first hand again 
      deal another card to the second hand 
         - result2 = call step 1.5 with the second hand 

Step 3 - check for player double down 
   Y - deal one card to the player 
      

Player turns will continue until the player stands or busts 
The dealer will hit on anything less than 17
After cards are dealt the result will be determined and the bet will be updated 
In the case of a Blackjack for the player they will be paid 3:2 on the bet 
If the dealer gets blackjack and the player does not then the player loses and we move to the next hand 

If the player has to Split then a new hand will be created and a new bet for that hand 
An array of player hands will be created
The bet object will be split as well but will be combined into one amount after all hands are evaluated

After each round is completed - the cards must be put into the Discard array.

Basic Strategy to be used:
1. Dealer showing 2-6 
   Player hand total  12-16
   Player will stand and let the dealer bust 

2. Always Split Aces and 8's 

3. Never split 10's 

4. Always double down on 11 

5. Double down on 10 when the dealer has A-9 showing 

6. Split 7's when the dealer has 2-7 showing

